[Docker] Move to using DGL 2.2 for local image, update CUDA source image to supported version, add fetch_and_run.sh script for local container (#854)
awslabs/graphstorm: docker/README.md

```shell
cd /path-to-graphstorm/docker/

bash /path-to-graphstorm/docker/build_docker_oss4local.sh /path-to-graphstorm/ image-name image-tag device
```

There are four arguments of the `build_docker_oss4local.sh`:

1. **path-to-graphstorm**(required), is the absolute path of the "graphstorm" folder, where you
cloned the GraphStorm source code. For example, the path could be "/code/graphstorm".
2. **docker-name**(optional), is the assigned name of the to be built Docker image. Default is
"graphstorm".
3. **docker-tag**(optional), is the assigned tag name of the to be built docker image. Default is
"local".

> 3. **device**(optional), is the intended execution device for the image. Can be `cpu` or `gpu`, default is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **device**(optional), is the intended execution device for the image. Should be one of `cpu` or `gpu`, default is
```

`gpu`.

If Docker requires you to run it as a root user and you don't want to preface all docker commands with sudo, you can check the solution available [here](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/#manage-docker-as-a-non-root-user).

You can use the below command to check if the new image exists.
```shell
docker image ls
```
If the build succeeds, there should be a new Docker image, named `<image-name>:<image-tag>-<device>`, e.g., "graphstorm:local-gpu".

To push the image to ECR you can use the `push_gsf_container.sh` script.
It takes 4 positional arguments,  `image-name` `image-tag-device`, `region`, and `account`.
For example to push the local GPU image to the us-west-2 on AWS account `1234567890` use:

```bash
bash docker/push_gsf_container.sh graphstorm local-gpu us-west-2 1234567890
```

## Using a customer DGL codebase
---------------
To use a local DGL codebase, you'll need to modify the build script and Dockerfile.local.

> You can add the followingto the build_docker_oss4local.sh:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the following to the build_docker_oss4local.sh:
```
